#EXTM3U
####Indo Sports####

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Indo Sports",  beIN Sports 1 ID
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MrBein1/sa_dash_vmx/MrBein1.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Indo Sports",  beIN Sports 3 ID
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BeIN2s/sa_dash_vmx/BeIN2s.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Indo Sports",  beIN Sports 4 ID
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BeIN4/sa_dash_vmx/BeIN4.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Indo Sports", SPO TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/SPOTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/SPOTV-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Indo Sports", SPO TV 2
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/SPOTV2-HD/sa_dash_vmx/SPOTV2-HD.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 group-title=" Indo Sports", Champions TV 1
https://www.seulangatv-online.ml/vidio/prem/Champions1.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Indo Sports",  Champions TV 2
https://www.seulangatv-online.ml/vidio/prem/Champions2.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title=" Indo Sports", Champions TV 3
https://www.seulangatv-online.ml/vidio/prem/Champions3.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title=" Indo Sports", Champions TV Goal
http://tvn.x10.mx/live/master-10.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Indo Sports", Useesport 1
http://pprotv.com:80/asim1234/123456/39554

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Indo Sports", Useesport 2
http://pprotv.com:80/asim1234/123456/39555

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Indo Sports", TVRI Sports
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/b1239430-dd88-11eb-aced-bb3bf917c781/331188298

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Indo Sports", TVRI Ott
http://wpc.d1627.nucdn.net/80D1627/o-tvri/Content/HLS/Live/Channel(TVRI4)/Stream(03)/index.m3u8

####MNC Sports Channels####

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MNC Sports Channels",  MNC Sports
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCSports-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCSports-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title=" MNC Sports Channels",  MNC Sports 2
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCSports2-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCSports2-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MNC Sports Channels",  MNC Sports 3
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Soccer-2/sa_dash_vmx/Soccer-2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MNC Sports Channels",  MNC Sports Plus
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCSports/sa_dash_vmx/MNCSports.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title=" MNC Sports Channels",  Soccer Channel Plus
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/soccerchannel-NonLiga1/sa_dash_vmx/soccerchannel-NonLiga1.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title=" MNC Sports Channels",  Soccer Channel
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/soccerchannel-HD/sa_dash_vmx/soccerchannel-HD.mpd

####Indo HD####

#EXTINF:-1 group-title=" Indo HD", Indosiar HD
https://www.seulangatv-online.ml/vidio/prem/indosiar.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title=" Indo HD", SCTV
https://www.seulangatv-online.ml/vidio/prem/sctv.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title=" Indo HD", Moji
https://www.seulangatv-online.ml/vidio/prem/moji.m3u8


####Indo TV####

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Indo TV", Trans TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/TransTV-2/sa_dash_vmx/TransTV-2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Indo TV", Trans 7
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Trans7-2/sa_dash_vmx/Trans7-2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Indo TV", Trans 7 tv
https://live1.rctiplus.com/RCTI2022.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Indo TV", INDOSIAR
http://rr2.dens.tv/s/s04/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=Indosiar

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Indo TV", RCTI
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/RCTI-DD/sa_dash_vmx/RCTI-DD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Indo TV", MNC TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCTV-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Indo TV", SCTV
http://rr2.dens.tv/s/s03/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=SCTV

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Indo TV", GTV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/GTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/GTV-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Indo TV", ANTV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/ANTV/sa_dash_vmx/ANTV.mpd
https://video.detik.com/gstream/smil:gstream.smil/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Indo TV", NET TV
https://visionplus-stream.visionplus.id/live/eds/NetTV-M1/sa_hls/NetTV-M1.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Indo TV", O Channel
http://rr3.dens.tv/s/s73/index2.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=O_Channel_Trial-

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Indo TV",  RTV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/RTV/sa_dash_vmx/RTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Indo TV", Jak TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/JakTV/sa_dash_vmx/JakTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Indo TV", JTV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/JTV/sa_dash/JTV.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Indo TV", Arek TV
http://wowza58.indostreamserver.com:1935/arektv/live/playlist.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Indo TV", Bandung TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BandungTV/sa_dash_vmx/BandungTV.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Indo TV", Nusantara TV
https://v6.siar.us/nusantaratv/live/playlist.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Indo TV", Bali TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BaliTV_Timeshift/sa_dash_timeshift/BaliTV_Timeshift.mpd

####News Channel####

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News Channel", TVRI Nasional
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/PemersatuBangsa/sa_dash_vmx/PemersatuBangsa.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News Channel", TvOne
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/TVOne/sa_dash_vmx/TVOne.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News Channel", Metro TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Metro-TV2/sa_dash_vmx/Metro-TV2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News Channel", Kompas TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/KompasTV/sa_dash_vmx/KompasTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News Channel", iNews TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/iNewsTV-HDD/sa_dash_vmx/iNewsTV-HDD.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News Channel", Jawa Pos TV
https://jawapostv.siar.us/jawapostv/live/playlist.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News Channel", MNC News
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCnews-HDD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCnews-HDD.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News Channel", Berita Satu
https://b1news.beritasatumedia.com/Beritasatu/B1News_1280x720.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News Channel", CNN Indonesia
https://live.cnnindonesia.com/livecnn/smil:cnntv.smil/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News Channel", CNBC Indonesia
https://live.cnbcindonesia.com/livecnbc/smil:cnbctv.smil/chunklist_w31589757_b384000_sleng.m3u8?_=1547207286697

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News Channel", IDX Channel
https://cdn-livetv-studio.metube.id/idxchannel_480/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News Channel", TVRI World
http://ott.TVri.co.id/Content/HLS/Live/Channel(TVRI3)/Stream(03)/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News Channel", Berita Satu World
https://b1world.beritasatumedia.com/Beritasatu/B1World_1280x720.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News Channel", Jakarta Globe News Channel
https://b1english.beritasatumedia.com/Beritasatu/B1English_960x540.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News Channel", DW
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/DW/sa_dash_vmx/DW.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News Channel", Sea Today
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/SEA-Channel/sa_dash_vmx/SEA-Channel.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News Channel", CGTN
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CGTN/sa_dash_vmx/CGTN.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News Channel", Al Jazeera
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/AlJazeeraInternational/sa_dash_vmx/AlJazeeraInternational.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News Channel", France 24
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/France24/sa_dash_vmx/France24.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News Channel", TRT World
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/TRTWorld/sa_dash_vmx/TRTWorld.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News Channel", RT
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/RTEnglish/sa_dash_vmx/RTEnglish.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News Channel", NHK World
https://nhkwlive-xjp.webcdn.stream.ne.jp/hls/live/2003458/nhkwlive-xjp-en/index_1M.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News Channel", Channel News Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/ChannelNewsAsia/sa_dash_vmx/ChannelNewsAsia.mpd

####TV Islami####

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Islami", Al Quran Al Kareem TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/AlQuranAlKareem/sa_dash_vmx/AlQuranAlKareem.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Islami", Sunnah TV
https://cdnamd-hls-globecast.akamaized.net/live/ramdisk/saudi_sunnah/hls1/index.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Islami", Muslim TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCMuslim/sa_dash_vmx/MNCMuslim.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Islami", TV9 NU
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/TV9/sa_dash_vmx/TV9.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Islami", Muhammadiyah TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/TVMuhammadiyah/sa_dash_vmx/TVMuhammadiyah.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Islami", Tawaf TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/TawafTV/sa_dash_vmx/TawafTV.mpd


####MNC Visions####

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MNC Visions", Vision Prime
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/VisionPrime/sa_dash_vmx/VisionPrime.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MNC Visions", OK TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/OKTV/sa_dash_vmx/OKTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MNC Visions", ENT
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCEntertainment/sa_dash_vmx/MNCEntertainment.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MNC Visions", iE
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCInfotainment/sa_dash_vmx/MNCInfotainment.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MNC Visions", Be Smart
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BeSmart/sa_dash_vmx/BeSmart.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MNC Visions", Music TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MusicChannel/sa_dash_vmx/MusicChannel.mpd


####MalayTV####

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Malay TV", TV 1
http://iptv.tvmalaysia.cc:80/622846/622846/7177

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Malay TV", TV 2
http://iptv.tvmalaysia.cc:80/622846/622846/7178

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Malay TV", TV 3
https://link.zozotv.xyz:443/fx2/fx2/18

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Malay TV", NTV 7
https://link.zozotv.xyz:443/fx2/fx2/20

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Malay TV", 8 TV
https://link.zozotv.xyz:443/fx2/fx2/21

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Malay TV", TV 9
https://link.zozotv.xyz:443/fx2/fx2/22

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Malay TV", Okey TV
https://link.zozotv.xyz:443/fx2/fx2/24

#####AstroTV#####

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Astro TV", Astro Ceria
http://iptv.tvmalaysia.cc:80/622846/622846/6715

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Astro TV", Astro Citra
http://iptv.tvmalaysia.cc:80/622846/622846/7267

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Astro TV", Astro Ria
http://iptv.tvmalaysia.cc:80/622846/622846/6730

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Astro TV", Astro Prima
http://iptv.tvmalaysia.cc:80/622846/622846/6727

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Astro TV", Astro Warna
http://iptv.tvmalaysia.cc:80/622846/622846/6740

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Astro TV", Astro Naura
http://iptv.tvmalaysia.cc:80/622846/622846/6724

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Astro TV", Astro Awani
http://iptv.tvmalaysia.cc:80/622846/622846/6714

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Astro TV", Astro Oasis
http://iptv.tvmalaysia.cc:80/622846/622846/6725

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Astro TV", Astro Aura
http://iptv.tvmalaysia.cc:80/622846/622846/6713

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Astro TV", ASTRO AOD 351 HD
http://iptv.tvmalaysia.cc:80/622846/622846/6702

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Astro TV", ASTRO AOD 352 HD
http://iptv.tvmalaysia.cc:80/622846/622846/6703

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Astro TV", ASTRO AOD 353 HD
http://iptv.tvmalaysia.cc:80/622846/622846/6704

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Astro TV", ASTRO AOD 354 HD
http://iptv.tvmalaysia.cc:80/622846/622846/6705

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Astro TV", ASTRO AOD 355 HD
http://iptv.tvmalaysia.cc:80/622846/622846/6706

####Japan####

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=ZGFkZmZkZjItYzQ1Mi0zM2RiLTk0OWQtM2M2YmY1YzZjMDNi
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Japan",  Animax
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Animax/sa_dash_vmx/Animax.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Japan",  Aniplus
http://opplex.tv:8080/993300/993300/204853

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Japan",  Waku Waku Japan
https://iptv.lancartech.co.id:8443/kumon/kumon/15955

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Japan",  Sony Gem TV
https://iptv.lancartech.co.id:8443/kumon/kumon/39

####HBO####

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=ZGFkZmZkZjItYzQ1Mi0zM2RiLTk0OWQtM2M2YmY1YzZjMDNi
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HBO GO", HBO
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/hbo-2/sa_dash_vmx/hbo-2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=ZGFkZmZkZjItYzQ1Mi0zM2RiLTk0OWQtM2M2YmY1YzZjMDNi
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HBO GO", HBO Family
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HBOFamily2/sa_dash_vmx/HBOFamily2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HBO GO", HBO Hits
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HBOHits/sa_dash_vmx/HBOHits.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=ZGFkZmZkZjItYzQ1Mi0zM2RiLTk0OWQtM2M2YmY1YzZjMDNi
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HBO GO", HBO Signature
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HBOSignature2/sa_dash_vmx/HBOSignature2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=ZGFkZmZkZjItYzQ1Mi0zM2RiLTk0OWQtM2M2YmY1YzZjMDNi
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HBO GO", Cinemax
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CinemaxHD2/sa_dash_vmx/CinemaxHD2.mpd

####Movies####

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies", Warner TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/WarnerTV/sa_dash_vmx/WarnerTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies", AXN
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/AXN/sa_dash_vmx/AXN.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies", KIX
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/KIX/sa_dash_vmx/KIX.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies", Thrill
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Thrill/sa_dash_vmx/Thrill.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies", Cinema World
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CinemaWorld/sa_dash_vmx/CinemaWorld.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies", tvN
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/tvN/sa_dash_vmx/tvN.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies", tvN Movies
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/tvNMovies/sa_dash_vmx/tvNMovies.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies", Sony One
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/SetOne/sa_dash_vmx/SetOne.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies", Hits
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HITS/sa_dash_vmx/HITS.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies", Hits Movies
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HitsMovies/sa_dash_vmx/HitsMovies.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies", Lifetime
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Lifetime/sa_dash_vmx/Lifetime.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies", Zee Bioskop
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/ZeeBIOSKOP/sa_dash_vmx/ZeeBIOSKOP.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies", TV 5 Monde Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/TV5/sa_dash_vmx/TV5.mpd

#####KidsTV####

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Kids Channels", Kids TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/KidsChannel/sa_dash_vmx/KidsChannel.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Kids Channels", Cartoon Network
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CartoonNetwork/sa_dash_vmx/CartoonNetwork.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Kids Channels", Boomerang
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Boomerang/sa_dash_vmx/Boomerang.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Kids Channels", Cbeebies
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Cbeebies/sa_dash_vmx/Cbeebies.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Kids Channels", Nick Jr
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/NickJr-HDD/sa_dash_vmx/NickJr-HDD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Kids Channels", Nickelodeon
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Nickelodeon/sa_dash_vmx/Nickelodeon.mpd

#####Knowledge#####

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Knowlegdes", Animal Planet
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/AnimalPlanet/sa_dash_vmx/AnimalPlanet.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Knowlegdes", Nat Geo Wild
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/NatGeoWild/sa_dash_vmx/NatGeoWild.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Knowlegdes", National Geographic
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/NatGeoChannel/sa_dash_vmx/NatGeoChannel.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Knowlegdes", Discovery Channel
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Discovery/sa_dash_vmx/Discovery.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Knowlegdes", BBC Earth
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BBCEarth-HD/sa_dash_vmx/BBCEarth-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Knowlegdes", CGTN Documentary
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CGTN_Doc/sa_dash_vmx/CGTN_Doc.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Knowlegdes", History Channel
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/History/sa_dash_vmx/History.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Knowlegdes", Crime Invetigation
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CrimeInvestigation/sa_dash_vmx/CrimeInvestigation.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Knowlegdes", Discovery Asia HD
https://itvoign.multitvsolution.com/idvo/discoverasia.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Knowlegdes", Discovery Science HD
https://itvoign.multitvsolution.com/idvo/discoverscienceeng.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Knowlegdes", Love Nature HD
http://gpc.my.id/vidio/love-nature.m3u8

####FashionTV####

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Fashion TV", Fashion TV 1
https://fash2043.cloudycdn.services/slive/_definst_/ftv_midnite_secrets_adaptive_v3.smil/playlist.m3u8?live_suff

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Fashion TV", Fashion TV 2
https://fash2043.cloudycdn.services/slive/_definst_/ftv_ftv_asia_ada_xiv_42149_default_137_hls.smil/playlist.m3u8?live_suff

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Fashion TV", Fashion TV 3
https://fash2043.cloudycdn.services/slive/_definst_/ftv_ftv_gmt_-5_qko_43090_default_1225_hls.smil/playlist.m3u8?live_suff

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Fashion TV", Fashion TV 4
https://fashs043.cloudycdn.services/scte/pg13/pg13_480p_chunklist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Fashion TV", Fashion TV 5
https://fash1043.cloudycdn.services/slive/_definst_/ftv_ftv_pg13_gmt_ess_43126_default_1262_hls.smil/playlist.m3u8?live_suff

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Fashion TV", Fashion TV 6
https://production-premium-fashiontv-vidio.akamaized.net/slive/_definst_/ftv_pg13_adaptive_v3.smil/playlist.m3u8

####FightSports####

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title=" Fight Sports",  Fight Sports
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/FightSports/sa_dash_vmx/FightSports.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Fight Sports", Fight Box
http://cloudcdn.tk:80/4R8GfRc60/AZ7wZI135/19666

#EXTINF:-1 group-title=" Fight Sports",  WWE
http://50.7.161.82:8278/streams/d/wwe_pye/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title=" Fight Sports",  Stadium Live
https://stadiumlivein-i.akamaihd.net/hls/live/522512/mux_4/master.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title=" Fight Sports",  UFC
https://live-k2302-kbp.1plus1.video/sport/smil:sport.smil/chunklist_b6000000.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Fight Sports", UFC Fight Pass
http://cloudcdn.tk:80/4R8GfRc60/AZ7wZI135/18170

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Fight Sports", UFC TV
http://cloudcdn.tk:80/4R8GfRc60/AZ7wZI135/27221

####Sony Ten###

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sony TEN", Sony TEN 1
http://103.55.144.46/hls/sonyten1.m3u8 

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sony TEN", Sony TEN 2
http://103.55.144.46/hls/sonyten2.m3u8 

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sony TEN", Sony TEN 3
http://103.55.144.46/hls/sonyten3.m3u8 

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sony TEN", Sony Six
http://103.55.144.46/hls/sonysix.m3u8 

####Astro Super Sport####

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Astro Sports", Astro Arena
http://iptv.tvmalaysia.cc:80/622846/622846/6707

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Astro Sports", Astro Arena 2
http://iptv.tvmalaysia.cc:80/622846/622846/9028

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Astro Sports", ASSP 1
http://tvmalaysia.cc:80/122564/122564/9024

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Astro Sports", ASSP 2
http://tvmalaysia.cc:80/122564/122564/9025

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Astro Sports", ASSP 3
http://tvmalaysia.cc:80/122564/122564/9020

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Astro Sports", ASSP 4
http://tvmalaysia.cc:80/122564/122564/9026

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Astro Sports", ASSP 5
http://tvmalaysia.cc:80/122564/122564/9029

####beIN Sports####

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="beIN Sports", beIN Sports Premium 1
http://gplus.live:8080/168573780756/N9UFR0P64W/58871

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="beIN Sports", beIN Sports Premium 2
http://gplus.live:8080/168573780756/N9UFR0P64W/58872

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="beIN Sports", beIN Sports Premium 3
http://gplus.live:8080/168573780756/N9UFR0P64W/58873

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="beIN Sports", beIN Sports 1
http://gplus.live:8080/168573780756/N9UFR0P64W/58864

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="beIN Sports", beIN Sports 2
http://gplus.live:8080/168573780756/N9UFR0P64W/58865

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="beIN Sports", beIN Sports 3
http://gplus.live:8080/168573780756/N9UFR0P64W/58866

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="beIN Sports", beIN Sports 4
http://gplus.live:8080/168573780756/N9UFR0P64W/58867

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="beIN Sports", beIN Sports 5
http://gplus.live:8080/168573780756/N9UFR0P64W/58868

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="beIN Sports", beIN Sports 6
http://gplus.live:8080/168573780756/N9UFR0P64W/58869

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="beIN Sports", beIN Sports 7
http://gplus.live:8080/168573780756/N9UFR0P64W/58870


####All Sports####

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="All Sports", BT Sport 1
https://birutv.com/sport@birutv/live/bt1.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="All Sports", BT Sport 2
https://birutv.com/sport@birutv/live/bt2.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="All Sports", BT Sport 3
https://birutv.com/sport@birutv/live/bt3.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="All Sports", Eurosport 1
https://iptv.lancartech.co.id:8443/kumon/kumon/86870

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="All Sports", Eurosport 2
https://iptv.lancartech.co.id:8443/kumon/kumon/86871

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="All Sports", RMC Sport 1
https://iptv.lancartech.co.id:8443/kumon/kumon/90053

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="All Sports", RMC Sport 2
https://iptv.lancartech.co.id:8443/kumon/kumon/90054

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="All Sports", SPORT TV 1
https://link.zozotv.xyz:443/fx2/fx2/176

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="All Sports", SPORT TV 2
https://link.zozotv.xyz:443/fx2/fx2/177

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="All Sports", SPORT TV 3
https://link.zozotv.xyz:443/fx2/fx2/178

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="All Sports", SPORT TV 4
https://iptv.lancartech.co.id:8443/kumon/kumon/86876

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="All Sports", SPORT TV 5
https://iptv.lancartech.co.id:8443/kumon/kumon/86877

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="All Sports", Supersport Premier League
https://iptv.lancartech.co.id:8443/kumon/kumon/86868

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="All Sports", Ziggo Sports Football
https://iptv.lancartech.co.id:8443/kumon/kumon/87726

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="All Sports", Ziggo Sports Select
https://iptv.lancartech.co.id:8443/kumon/kumon/87725


